py: refactor python api to use PipelineBuilder (#2177)
feldera/feldera: python/docs/introduction.rst

* :class:`.PipelineBuilder`
    - This is the main class that you will use to build your Feldera pipeline.
    - It is a builder for creating a Feldera pipeline.
    - It provides 3 methods for building a pipeline:

        - :meth:`.PipelineBuilder.create`
        - :meth:`.PipelineBuilder.create_or_replace`

>         - :meth:`.PipelineBuilder.get`

Reviewer: I don't think `get` should be a method of the builder, since we're not creating anything, but simply connect to an existing pipeline.

Author: I was stuck in two minds here. 

`PipelineBuilder.get` or `Pipeline.get(name, client)`

I put it in `PipelineBuilder` for the sake of consistency. 
Should I move it to `Pipeline`?

    - Example:

      .. code-block:: python

         from feldera import PipelineBuilder

         pipeline = PipelineBuilder(client).with_name("example").with_sql(sql).create()

* :meth:`.Pipeline.start`
   - Starts the Feldera Pipeline and keeps it running indefinitely.
   - Example:

      .. code-block:: python

         pipeline.start()

      - This tells Feldera to go ahead and start processing the data.

* :meth:`.Pipeline.wait_for_completion`

>    - Blocks this Feldera pipeline until completion. Normally this means until the end-of-file (EOF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Blocks this pipeline until completion, i.e., until the end-of-file (EOI)
```

>      has been reached for this input source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     has been reached for all input sources.
```
